title: The Good, The Bad, and the tired...

Any one can tell you, if they have seen enough YouTube tutorials, that the quality of YouTube Ruby/JavaScript/SQL tutorials vary GREATLY.  

My life is hectic, I have a lot going on.  I'm not mad about it, I'm not blaming any one, or making excuses for myself, its a matter of fact, I am a busy dude.  Aside from being happily married, I have four children, and am enrolled in a demanding coding boot camp.  That might not sound too impressive or demanding in itself, however, being an active father in the lives of four children, while learning several different coding languages, frameworks and libraries makes you busy all the time.  When I say that I don’t mean it figuratively.  I know its something said a lot, but I really mean it.  If I would go from one task to another, with given responsibilities in my life, I would never sit down, never.  At this point, I can really only get school work done after every one goes to sleep.  My kids keep me occupied enough while they are awake that no serious work can get done, but after they close my eyes, its on.  Last week, I was up diving deeper into the world of Active Record.  My search lead me to learning more about a particular method, and eventually to a YouTube search with a likely title.  It was home made, as many of these videos are, and it had a lot going on in the background, some guy was mumbling off screen, and the ‘instructor’ was muttering back at him.  The 'presenter' was mumbling about the script he was typing into a script editor pertaining to the subject matter I had been researching.  I was almost 4 minutes in before I realized…. this guy wasn’t speaking english.  In my defense the audio was terrible, not only did the mic not really pick up his voice well, and they were speaking with a very ‘western’ patter, frequently transitioning with ‘so’, and his mumblings were second to what he was typing on screen, and that was a language I had been thinking in my head for hours.